Now with an interpreted language, on the other hand, you don't compile your source code beforehand.
The programmer gives you a copy of that source code and it will be the user's machine,
that means it will be your machine, your computer that will interpret the source code whenever you
want to run the program.
So you can already tell that an interpreter is different from a compiler and the awesome thing with an
interpreter as it does this on the fly. We can think of it as going through your source code line by
line and processing that source code on the fly.
Bish Bash Bosh, Bob's your uncle, all done.
An interpreter doesn't save your source code into a separate machine-code file. So you might be sitting
there going okay, of course, it's all nice and well in theory, but I've never, my machine's never been
used as an interpreter to interpret language sent to me.
And by golly gosh, it actually has.
And let's just take a step back and think about how it actually works.
So when you go and visit a website, OK, that JavaScript gets sent to your machine.
Yes
and you can argue "Listen, it's actually the browser that executes it", but you've installed your browser
on your machine. And this happens on pretty much every single website you visit, including (swoosh) Google.